0x04-more_functions_nested_loops/README.md, before:

# 0x04. C - More functions, more nested loops

## Resources
+ [Nested while loops](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3iGeQ1gIss)
+ [C - Functions](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_functions.htm)
+ [Learning to Program in C](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMlnFwYdqIw) (Part 06) (stop at 14:00)
+ [What is the purpose of a function prototype?](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-is-the-purpose-of-a-function-prototype/)
+ [C - Header Files](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_header_files.htm) (*stop before the “Once-Only Headers” paragraph*)

### Tasks
+ Task 1: [isupper](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x04-more_functions_nested_loops/0-isupper.c): A function that checks for uppercase character.</br>

	+ Prototype: int isupper(int c);
	+ Returns 1 if c is uppercase
	+ Returns 0 otherwise
		- FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: isupper. Run man isupper to learn more.
+ Task 1: [isdigit](): A function that checks for a digit (0 through 9).</br>

	+ Prototype: int isdigit(int c);
	+ Returns 1 if c is a digit
	+ Returns 0 otherwise
		- FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: isdigit. Run man isdigit to learn more.

Commit message:

a function that multiplies two integers.

0x04-more_functions_nested_loops/README.md, after:

# 0x04. C - More functions, more nested loops

## Resources
+ [Nested while loops](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3iGeQ1gIss)
+ [C - Functions](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_functions.htm)
+ [Learning to Program in C](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMlnFwYdqIw) (Part 06) (stop at 14:00)
+ [What is the purpose of a function prototype?](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-is-the-purpose-of-a-function-prototype/)
+ [C - Header Files](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_header_files.htm) (*stop before the “Once-Only Headers” paragraph*)

### Tasks
+ Task 1: [isupper](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x04-more_functions_nested_loops/0-isupper.c): A function that checks for uppercase character.</br>

	+ Prototype: int isupper(int c);
	+ Returns 1 if c is uppercase
	+ Returns 0 otherwise
		- FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: isupper. Run man isupper to learn more.
+ Task 1: [isdigit](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x04-more_functions_nested_loops/1-isdigit.c): A function that checks for a digit (0 through 9).</br>

	+ Prototype: int isdigit(int c);
	+ Returns 1 if c is a digit
	+ Returns 0 otherwise
		- FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: isdigit. Run man isdigit to learn more.
+ Task 2: [Collaboration is multiplication](): A function that multiplies two integers.

	+ Prototype: int mul(int a, int b);
