0x15-file_io/README.md, before:

# 0x15. C - File I/O
## Resources
+ [File descriptors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_descriptor)
+ [C Programming in Linux Tutorial #024 - open() read() write() Functions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-srF6c3TJ8)

#### man or help:
+ open
+ close
+ read
+ write
+ ``dprintf``

### Tasks
+ Task 0: [Tread lightly, she is near](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x15-file_io/0-read_textfile.c): A function that reads a text file and prints it to the ```POSIX``` standard output.

	+ Prototype: ```ssize_t read_textfile(const char *filename, size_t letters);```
	+ where letters is the number of letters it should read and print
	+ returns the actual number of letters it could read and print
	+ if the file can not be opened or read, return ```0```
	+ if ```filename``` is ```NULL``` return ```0```
	+ if ```write``` fails or does not write the expected amount of bytes, return ```0```
+ Task 1: [Under the snow](): A function that creates a file.

	+ Prototype: ```int create_file(const char *filename, char *text_content);```
	+ where ```filename``` is the name of the file to create and ```text_content``` is a ```NULL``` terminated string to write to the file
	+ Returns: ```1``` on success, ```-1``` on failure (file can not be created, file can not be written, ```write``` “fails”, etc…)
	+ The created file must have those permissions: ```rw-------```. If the file already exists, do not change the permissions.
	+ if the file already exists, truncate it
	+ if ```filename``` is ```NULL``` return ```-1```
	+ if ```text_content``` is ```NULL``` create an empty file

Commit message:

a function that appends text at the end of a file.

0x15-file_io/README.md, after:

# 0x15. C - File I/O
## Resources
+ [File descriptors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_descriptor)
+ [C Programming in Linux Tutorial #024 - open() read() write() Functions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-srF6c3TJ8)

#### man or help:
+ ``open``
+ ``close``
+ ``read``
+ ``write``
+ ``dprintf``

### Tasks
+ Task 0: [Tread lightly, she is near](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x15-file_io/0-read_textfile.c): A function that reads a text file and prints it to the ```POSIX``` standard output.

	+ Prototype: ```ssize_t read_textfile(const char *filename, size_t letters);```
	+ where letters is the number of letters it should read and print
	+ returns the actual number of letters it could read and print
	+ if the file can not be opened or read, return ```0```
	+ if ```filename``` is ```NULL``` return ```0```
	+ if ```write``` fails or does not write the expected amount of bytes, return ```0``
+ Task 1: [Under the snow](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x15-file_io/1-create_file.c): A function that creates a file.

	+ Prototype: ```int create_file(const char *filename, char *text_content);```
	+ where ```filename``` is the name of the file to create and ```text_content``` is a ```NULL``` terminated string to write to the file
	+ Returns: ```1``` on success, ```-1``` on failure (file can not be created, file can not be written, ```write``` “fails”, etc…)
	+ The created file must have those permissions: ```rw-------```. If the file already exists, do not change the permissions.
	+ if the file already exists, truncate it
	+ if ```filename``` is ```NULL``` return ```-1```
	+ if ```text_content``` is ``NULL`` create an empty file
+ Task 2: [Speak gently, she can hear](): A function that appends text at the end of a file.

	+ Prototype: ``int append_text_to_file(const char *filename, char *text_content);``
	+ where ``filename`` is the name of the file and ``text_content`` is the ``NULL`` terminated string to add at the end of the file
	+ Return: ``1`` on success and ``-1`` on failure
	+ Do not create the file if it does not exist
	+ If ``filename`` is ``NULL`` return ``-1``
	+ If ``text_content`` is ``NULL``, do not add anything to the file. Return ``1`` if the file exists and ``-1`` if the file does not exist or if you do not have the required permissions to write the file
