0x03-debugging/README.md, before:

# 0x03. C - Debugging

## Resources
+ [Debugging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debugging)
+ [Rubber Duck Debugging](https://www.thoughtfulcode.com/rubber-duck-debugging-psychology/)

## Tasks

+ Task 0: [Multiple mains](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x03-debugging/0-main.c): In most projects, we often give you only one main file to test with. For example, this main file is a test for a postitive_or_negative() function similar to the one you worked with in an earlier C project:
	+ Based on the main.c file above, create a file named 0-main.c. This file must test that the function positive_or_negative() gives the correct output when given a case of 0.

You are not coding the solution / function, you’re just testing it! However, you can adapt your function from 0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while - Task #0 to compile with this main file to test locally.
		- You only need to upload 0-main.c and main.h for this task. We will provide our own positive_or_negative() function.
		- You are not allowed to add or remove lines of code, you may change only one line in this task
+ Task 1: [Like, comment, subscribe](): Copy this main file. Comment out (don’t delete it!) the part of the code that is causing the output to go into an infinite loop.

	+ Don’t add or remove any lines of code, as we will be checking your line count. You are only allowed to comment out existing code.
	+ You do not have to compile with -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic for this task.

Commit message:

This program prints the largest of three integers.

0x03-debugging/README.md, after:

# 0x03. C - Debugging

## Resources
+ [Debugging](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debugging)
+ [Rubber Duck Debugging](https://www.thoughtfulcode.com/rubber-duck-debugging-psychology/)

## Tasks

+ Task 0: [Multiple mains](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x03-debugging/0-main.c): In most projects, we often give you only one main file to test with. For example, this main file is a test for a postitive_or_negative() function similar to the one you worked with in an earlier C project:
	+ Based on the main.c file above, create a file named 0-main.c. This file must test that the function positive_or_negative() gives the correct output when given a case of 0.

You are not coding the solution / function, you’re just testing it! However, you can adapt your function from 0x01. C - Variables, if, else, while - Task #0 to compile with this main file to test locally.
		- You only need to upload 0-main.c and main.h for this task. We will provide our own positive_or_negative() function.
		- You are not allowed to add or remove lines of code, you may change only one line in this task
+ Task 1: [Like, comment, subscribe](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x03-debugging/1-main.c): Copy this main file. Comment out (don’t delete it!) the part of the code that is causing the output to go into an infinite loop.

	+ Don’t add or remove any lines of code, as we will be checking your line count. You are only allowed to comment out existing code.
	+ You do not have to compile with -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic for this task.
+ Task 2: [0 > 972?](): This program prints the largest of three integers.
	? That’s definitely not right.

	+ Fix the code in 2-largest_number.c so that it correctly prints out the largest of three numbers, no matter the case.

	+ Line count will not be checked for this task.
