0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/README.md, before:

# 0x05. C - Pointers, arrays and strings
## Resources
+ [C - Arrays](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_arrays.htm):
+ [C - Pointers](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_pointers.htm)
+ [C - Strings](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_strings.htm)
+ [Memory Layout](https://aticleworld.com/memory-layout-of-c-program/)

### Tasks
+ Task 0 : [98 Battery st.](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/0-reset_to_98.c): A function that takes a pointer to an int as parameter and updates the value it points to to 98.</br>
	+ Prototype: void reset_to_98(int n);
+ Task 1: [Don't swap horses in crossing a stream](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/1-swap.c): A unction that swaps the values of two integers.
	+ Prototype: void swap_int(int *a, int *b);
+ Task 2: [This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/2-strlen.c): A function that returns the length of a string.

	+ Prototype: int strlen(char s);
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: strlen. Run man strlen to learn more.
+ Task 3: [I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/3-puts.c): A function that prints a string, followed by a new line, to stdout.
	+ Prototype: void puts(char str);
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: puts. Run man puts to learn more.
+ Task 4: [I can only go one way. I've not got a reverse gear](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/4-print_rev.c): A function that prints a string, in reverse, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void print_rev(char s);
+ Task 5: [A good engineer thinks in reverse and asks himself about the stylistic consequences of the components and systems he proposes](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/5-rev_string.c): A function that reverses a string.
	+ Prototype: void rev_string(char s);
+ Task 6 : [Half the lies they tell about me aren't true](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/6-puts2.c): A function that prints every other character of a string, starting with the first character, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void puts2(char str);
+ Task 7: [Winning is only half of it. Having fun is the other half](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/7-puts_half.c): A function that prints half of a string, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void puts_half(char str);
	+ The function should print the second half of the string
	+ If the number of characters is odd, the function should print the last n characters of the string, where n = (length_of_the_string - 1) / 2
+ Task 8: [Arrays are not pointers](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/8-print_array.c): A function that prints n elements of an array of integers, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void print_array(int a, int n);
	+ where n is the number of elements of the array to be printed
	+ Numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space
	+ The numbers should be displayed in the same order as they are stored in the array
	+ You are allowed to use printf
+ Task 9: [strcpy](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/9-strcpy.c): A a function that copies the string pointed to by src, including the terminating null byte (\0), to the buffer pointed to by dest.
	+ Return value: the pointer to dest
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: strcpy. Run man strcpy to learn more.
+ Task 10: [Great leaders are willing to sacrifice the numbers to save the people. Poor leaders sacrifice the people to save the numbers](): A function that convert a string to an integer.
	+ Prototype: int atoi(char s);
	+ The number in the string can be preceded by an infinite number of characters
	+ You need to take into account all the - and + signs before the number
	+ If there are no numbers in the string, the function must return 0
	+ You are not allowed to use long
	+ You are not allowed to declare new variables of “type” array
	+ You are not allowed to hard-code special values
	+ We will use the -fsanitize=signed-integer-overflow gcc flag to compile your code.
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: atoi. Run man atoi to learn more.

Commit message:

program that generates random valid passwords for the program 101-crackme.

0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/README.md, after:

# 0x05. C - Pointers, arrays and strings
## Resources
+ [C - Arrays](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_arrays.htm):
+ [C - Pointers](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_pointers.htm)
+ [C - Strings](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/cprogramming/c_strings.htm)
+ [Memory Layout](https://aticleworld.com/memory-layout-of-c-program/)

### Tasks
+ Task 0 : [98 Battery st.](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/0-reset_to_98.c): A function that takes a pointer to an int as parameter and updates the value it points to to 98.</br>
	+ Prototype: void reset_to_98(int n);
+ Task 1: [Don't swap horses in crossing a stream](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/1-swap.c): A unction that swaps the values of two integers.
	+ Prototype: void swap_int(int *a, int *b);
+ Task 2: [This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/2-strlen.c): A function that returns the length of a string.

	+ Prototype: int strlen(char s);
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: strlen. Run man strlen to learn more.
+ Task 3: [I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/3-puts.c): A function that prints a string, followed by a new line, to stdout.
	+ Prototype: void puts(char str);
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: puts. Run man puts to learn more.
+ Task 4: [I can only go one way. I've not got a reverse gear](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/4-print_rev.c): A function that prints a string, in reverse, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void print_rev(char s);
+ Task 5: [A good engineer thinks in reverse and asks himself about the stylistic consequences of the components and systems he proposes](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/5-rev_string.c): A function that reverses a string.
	+ Prototype: void rev_string(char s);
+ Task 6 : [Half the lies they tell about me aren't true](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/6-puts2.c): A function that prints every other character of a string, starting with the first character, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void puts2(char str);
+ Task 7: [Winning is only half of it. Having fun is the other half](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/7-puts_half.c): A function that prints half of a string, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void puts_half(char str);
	+ The function should print the second half of the string
	+ If the number of characters is odd, the function should print the last n characters of the string, where n = (length_of_the_string - 1) / 2
+ Task 8: [Arrays are not pointers](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/8-print_array.c): A function that prints n elements of an array of integers, followed by a new line.
	+ Prototype: void print_array(int a, int n);
	+ where n is the number of elements of the array to be printed
	+ Numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space
	+ The numbers should be displayed in the same order as they are stored in the array
	+ You are allowed to use printf
+ Task 9: [strcpy](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/9-strcpy.c): A a function that copies the string pointed to by src, including the terminating null byte (\0), to the buffer pointed to by dest.
	+ Return value: the pointer to dest
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: strcpy. Run man strcpy to learn more.
+ Task 10: [Great leaders are willing to sacrifice the numbers to save the people. Poor leaders sacrifice the people to save the numbers](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x05-pointers_arrays_strings/100-atoi.c): A function that convert a string to an integer.
	+ Prototype: int atoi(char s);
	+ The number in the string can be preceded by an infinite number of characters
	+ You need to take into account all the - and + signs before the number
	+ If there are no numbers in the string, the function must return 0
	+ You are not allowed to use long
	+ You are not allowed to declare new variables of “type” array
	+ You are not allowed to hard-code special values
	+ We will use the -fsanitize=signed-integer-overflow gcc flag to compile your code.
FYI: The standard library provides a similar function: atoi. Run man atoi to learn more.
+ Task 11: [Don't hate the hacker, hate the code](): A program that generates random valid passwords for the program 101-crackme.

	+ You are allowed to use the standard library
	+ You don’t have to pass the betty-style tests (you still need to pass the betty-doc tests)
	+ man srand, rand, time
	+ gdb and objdump can help
