0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/README.md, before:

# 0x13. C - More singly linked lists
## Resources
### Tasks

+ Task 0: [Print list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/0-print_listint.c): A function that prints all the elements of a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t print_listint(const listint_t \*h);
	+ Return: the number of nodes
	+ Format: see example
	+ You are allowed to use printf
+ Task 1: [List length](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/1-listint_len.c): A function that returns the number of elements in a linked listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t listint_len(const listint_t \*h);
+ Task 2: [Add node](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/2-add_nodeint.c): A function that adds a new node at the beginning of a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*add_nodeint(listint_t \*\*head, const int n);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
+ Task 3: [Add node at the end](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/3-add_nodeint_end.c): A function that adds a new node at the end of a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*add_nodeint_end(listint_t \*\*head, const int n);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
+ Task 4: [Free list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/4-free_listint.c): A function that frees a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: void free_listint(listint_t \*head);
+ Task 5: [Free](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/5-free_listint2.c): A function that frees a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: void free_listint2(listint_t \*\*head);
	+ The function sets the head to NULL
+ Task 6: [Pop](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/6-pop_listint.c): A function that deletes the head node of a listint_t linked list, and returns the head node’s data (n).

	+ Prototype: int pop_listint(listint_t \*\*head);
	+ if the linked list is empty return 0
+ Task 7: [Get node at index](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/7-get_nodeint.c): A function that returns the nth node of a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*get_nodeint_at_index(listint_t \*head, unsigned int index);
	+ where index is the index of the node, starting at 0
	+ if the node does not exist, return NULL
+ Task 8: [Sum list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/8-sum_listint.c): A function that returns the sum of all the data (n) of a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: int sum_listint(listint_t \*head);
	+ if the list is empty, return 0
+ Task 9: [Insert](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/9-insert_nodeint.c): A function that inserts a new node at a given position.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*insert_nodeint_at_index(listint_t \*\*head, unsigned int idx, int n);
	+ where idx is the index of the list where the new node should be added. Index starts at 0
	+ Returns: the address of the new node, or NULL if it failed
	+ if it is not possible to add the new node at index idx, do not add the new node and return NULL
+ Task 10: [Delete at index](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/10-delete_nodeint.c): A function that deletes the node at index index of a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: int delete_nodeint_at_index(listint_t \*\*head, unsigned int index);
	+ where index is the index of the node that should be deleted. Index starts at 0
	+ Returns: 1 if it succeeded, -1 if it failed
+ Task 11: [Reverse list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/100-reverse_listint.c): A function that reverses a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*reverse_listint(listint_t \*\*head);
	+ Returns: a pointer to the first node of the reversed list
	+ You are not allowed to use more than 1 loop.
	+ You are not allowed to use malloc, free or arrays
	+ You can only declare a maximum of two variables in your function
+ Task 12: [Print (safe version)](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/101-print_listint_safe.c): A function that prints a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: size_t print_listint_safe(const listint_t \*head);
	+ Returns: the number of nodes in the list
	+ This function can print lists with a loop
	+ You should go through the list only once
	+ If the function fails, exit the program with status 98
	+ Output format: see example
+ Task 13: [Free (safe version)](): A function that frees a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t free_listint_safe(listint_t \*\*h);
	+ This function can free lists with a loop
	+ You should go though the list only once
	+ Returns: the size of the list that was free’d
	+ The function sets the head to NULL

Commit message:

a function that finds the loop in a linked list.

0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/README.md, after:

# 0x13. C - More singly linked lists
## Resources
### Tasks

+ Task 0: [Print list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/0-print_listint.c): A function that prints all the elements of a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t print_listint(const listint_t \*h);
	+ Return: the number of nodes
	+ Format: see example
	+ You are allowed to use printf
+ Task 1: [List length](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/1-listint_len.c): A function that returns the number of elements in a linked listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t listint_len(const listint_t \*h);
+ Task 2: [Add node](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/2-add_nodeint.c): A function that adds a new node at the beginning of a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*add_nodeint(listint_t \*\*head, const int n);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
+ Task 3: [Add node at the end](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/3-add_nodeint_end.c): A function that adds a new node at the end of a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*add_nodeint_end(listint_t \*\*head, const int n);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
+ Task 4: [Free list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/4-free_listint.c): A function that frees a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: void free_listint(listint_t \*head);
+ Task 5: [Free](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/5-free_listint2.c): A function that frees a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: void free_listint2(listint_t \*\*head);
	+ The function sets the head to NULL
+ Task 6: [Pop](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/6-pop_listint.c): A function that deletes the head node of a listint_t linked list, and returns the head node’s data (n).

	+ Prototype: int pop_listint(listint_t \*\*head);
	+ if the linked list is empty return 0
+ Task 7: [Get node at index](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/7-get_nodeint.c): A function that returns the nth node of a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*get_nodeint_at_index(listint_t \*head, unsigned int index);
	+ where index is the index of the node, starting at 0
	+ if the node does not exist, return NULL
+ Task 8: [Sum list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/8-sum_listint.c): A function that returns the sum of all the data (n) of a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: int sum_listint(listint_t \*head);
	+ if the list is empty, return 0
+ Task 9: [Insert](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/9-insert_nodeint.c): A function that inserts a new node at a given position.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*insert_nodeint_at_index(listint_t \*\*head, unsigned int idx, int n);
	+ where idx is the index of the list where the new node should be added. Index starts at 0
	+ Returns: the address of the new node, or NULL if it failed
	+ if it is not possible to add the new node at index idx, do not add the new node and return NULL
+ Task 10: [Delete at index](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/10-delete_nodeint.c): A function that deletes the node at index index of a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: int delete_nodeint_at_index(listint_t \*\*head, unsigned int index);
	+ where index is the index of the node that should be deleted. Index starts at 0
	+ Returns: 1 if it succeeded, -1 if it failed
+ Task 11: [Reverse list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/100-reverse_listint.c): A function that reverses a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*reverse_listint(listint_t \*\*head);
	+ Returns: a pointer to the first node of the reversed list
	+ You are not allowed to use more than 1 loop.
	+ You are not allowed to use malloc, free or arrays
	+ You can only declare a maximum of two variables in your function
+ Task 12: [Print (safe version)](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/101-print_listint_safe.c): A function that prints a listint_t linked list.

	+ Prototype: size_t print_listint_safe(const listint_t \*head);
	+ Returns: the number of nodes in the list
	+ This function can print lists with a loop
	+ You should go through the list only once
	+ If the function fails, exit the program with status 98
	+ Output format: see example
+ Task 13: [Free (safe version)](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/102-free_listint_safe.c): A function that frees a listint_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t free_listint_safe(listint_t \*\*h);
	+ This function can free lists with a loop
	+ You should go though the list only once
	+ Returns: the size of the list that was free’d
	+ The function sets the head to NULL
+ Task 14: [Find the loop](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x13-more_singly_linked_lists/103-find_loop.c): A function that finds the loop in a linked list.

	+ Prototype: listint_t \*find_listint_loop(listint_t \*head);
	+ Returns: The address of the node where the loop starts, or NULL if there is no loop
	+ You are not allowed to use malloc, free or arrays
	+ You can only declare a maximum of two variables in your function
