0x12-singly_linked_lists/README.md, before:

# 0x12. C - Singly linked lists
## Resources
+ [TutorialsPoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_structures_algorithms/data_structures_basics.htm)
+ [Geeks for Geeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-structures/)
+ [Career Drill](https://www.careerdrill.com/blog/coding-interview/choosing-the-right-data-structure-to-solve-problems/)
+ [Linked Lists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udapt4FGY20&t=130s)
+ [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=linked+lists)

### Tasks
+ Task 0: [Print list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x12-singly_linked_lists/0-print_list.c): A function that prints all the elements of a list_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t print_list(const list_t \*h);
	+ Return: the number of nodes
	+ Format: see example
	+ If str is NULL, print [0] (nil)
	+ You are allowed to use printf
+ Task 1: [List length](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x12-singly_linked_lists/1-list_len.c): A function that returns the number of elements in a linked list_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t list_len(const list_t \*h);
+ Task 2: [Add node](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x12-singly_linked_lists/2-add_node.c): A function that adds a new node at the beginning of a list_t list.

	+ Prototype: list_t \*add_node(list_t \*\*head, const char \*str);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
	+ str needs to be duplicated
	+ You are allowed to use strdup
+ Task 3: [Add node at the end](): A function that adds a new node at the end of a list_t list.

	+ Prototype: list_t \*add_node_end(list_t \*\*head, const char \*str);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
	+ str needs to be duplicated
	+ You are allowed to use strdup

Commit message:

a function that frees a list_t list

0x12-singly_linked_lists/README.md, after:

# 0x12. C - Singly linked lists
## Resources
+ [TutorialsPoint](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_structures_algorithms/data_structures_basics.htm)
+ [Geeks for Geeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-structures/)
+ [Career Drill](https://www.careerdrill.com/blog/coding-interview/choosing-the-right-data-structure-to-solve-problems/)
+ [Linked Lists](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udapt4FGY20&t=130s)
+ [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=linked+lists)

### Tasks
+ Task 0: [Print list](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x12-singly_linked_lists/0-print_list.c): A function that prints all the elements of a list_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t print_list(const list_t \*h);
	+ Return: the number of nodes
	+ Format: see example
	+ If str is NULL, print [0] (nil)
	+ You are allowed to use printf
+ Task 1: [List length](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x12-singly_linked_lists/1-list_len.c): A function that returns the number of elements in a linked list_t list.

	+ Prototype: size_t list_len(const list_t \*h);
+ Task 2: [Add node](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x12-singly_linked_lists/2-add_node.c): A function that adds a new node at the beginning of a list_t list.

	+ Prototype: list_t \*add_node(list_t \*\*head, const char \*str);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
	+ str needs to be duplicated
	+ You are allowed to use strdup
+ Task 3: [Add node at the end](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x12-singly_linked_lists/3-add_node_end.c): A function that adds a new node at the end of a list_t list.

	+ Prototype: list_t \*add_node_end(list_t \*\*head, const char \*str);
	+ Return: the address of the new element, or NULL if it failed
	+ str needs to be duplicated
	+ You are allowed to use strdup
+ Task 4: [Free list](): A function that frees a list_t list.

	+ Prototype: void free_list(list_t \*head);
