0x0A-argc_argv/README.md, before:

# 0x0A. C - argc, argv

## Resources
+ [Arguments to main](https://publications.gbdirect.co.uk//c_book/chapter10/arguments_to_main.html)
+ [argc and argv](http://crasseux.com/books/ctutorial/argc-and-argv.html)
+ [What does argc and argv mean?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aP1ijjeZc24)
+ [how to compile with unused variables](https://www.google.com/webhp?q=unused+variable+C)

### Tasks
+ Task 0: [It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/0-whatsmyname.c): A program that prints its name, followed by a new line.

	+ If you rename the program, it will print the new name, without having to compile it again
	+ You should not remove the path before the name of the program
+ Task 1: [Silence is argument carried out by other means](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/1-args.c): A program that prints the number of arguments passed into it.

	+ Your program should print a number, followed by a new line
+ Task 2: [The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/2-args.c): A program that prints all arguments it receives.

	+ All arguments should be printed, including the first one
	+ Only print one argument per line, ending with a new line
+ Task 3: [Neither irony nor sarcasm is argument](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/3-mul.c): A program that multiplies two numbers.

	+ Your program should print the result of the multiplication, followed by a new line
	+ You can assume that the two numbers and result of the multiplication can be stored in an integer
	+ If the program does not receive two arguments, your program should print Error, followed by a new line, and return 1
+ Task 4: [To infinity and beyond](): A  program that adds positive numbers.

	+ Print the result, followed by a new line
	+ If no number is passed to the program, print 0, followed by a new line
	+ If one of the number contains symbols that are not digits, print Error, followed by a new line, and return 1
	+ You can assume that numbers and the addition of all the numbers can be stored in an int

Commit message:

a program that prints the minimum number of coins to make change for an amount of money.

0x0A-argc_argv/README.md, after:

# 0x0A. C - argc, argv

## Resources
+ [Arguments to main](https://publications.gbdirect.co.uk//c_book/chapter10/arguments_to_main.html)
+ [argc and argv](http://crasseux.com/books/ctutorial/argc-and-argv.html)
+ [What does argc and argv mean?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aP1ijjeZc24)
+ [how to compile with unused variables](https://www.google.com/webhp?q=unused+variable+C)

### Tasks
+ Task 0: [It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/0-whatsmyname.c): A program that prints its name, followed by a new line.

	+ If you rename the program, it will print the new name, without having to compile it again
	+ You should not remove the path before the name of the program
+ Task 1: [Silence is argument carried out by other means](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/1-args.c): A program that prints the number of arguments passed into it.

	+ Your program should print a number, followed by a new line
+ Task 2: [The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/2-args.c): A program that prints all arguments it receives.

	+ All arguments should be printed, including the first one
	+ Only print one argument per line, ending with a new line
+ Task 3: [Neither irony nor sarcasm is argument](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/3-mul.c): A program that multiplies two numbers.

	+ Your program should print the result of the multiplication, followed by a new line
	+ You can assume that the two numbers and result of the multiplication can be stored in an integer
	+ If the program does not receive two arguments, your program should print Error, followed by a new line, and return 1
+ Task 4: [To infinity and beyond](https://github.com/Hiluhree/alx-low_level_programming/blob/master/0x0A-argc_argv/4-add.c): A  program that adds positive numbers.

	+ Print the result, followed by a new line
	+ If no number is passed to the program, print 0, followed by a new line
	+ If one of the number contains symbols that are not digits, print Error, followed by a new line, and return 1
	+ You can assume that numbers and the addition of all the numbers can be stored in an int
+ Task 5: [ Minimal Number of Coins for Change](): A program that prints the minimum number of coins to make change for an amount of money.

	+ Usage: ./change cents
	+ where cents is the amount of cents you need to give back
	+ if the number of arguments passed to your program is not exactly 1, print Error, followed by a new line, and return 1
	+ you should use atoi to parse the parameter passed to your program
	+ If the number passed as the argument is negative, print 0, followed by a new line
	+ You can use an unlimited number of coins of values 25, 10, 5, 2, and 1 cent
